Title : Customer Billing for Medical Store

Features Planned : 
	
	1. Sales Bill
	2. Item Master
	3. Group and Category Master
	4. Inward Bill
	5. Stock Summary
	6. Stock Alert.
	
Details of each report :

	1. Sales Bill : 
		This is the report that will generate bills.
	
		a. Each field is selectable by mouses click as well as TAB key.
		b. The rate, amount, invoice number and total are generated programatically.These fields are not editable.
		c. Only 20 different items can be sold at a time.
	
	2. Item Master :
		This report is used to add new items to the inventory. If there already exist any items belonging to the same group and category, the 		inventory for that item will be updated.
		
		a. The group and category are drop down menus. They can be navigated using arrows keys.
		b. The closing balance field is programatically generated based on the information already available.
		c. On pressing the CREATE button, the updations will take place.
		
	3. Group and Category Master:
		This report is used to add a new category or group. Only the groups and categories added in this way can be used in the item 		master.
		
		a. The category and group fields are selectable using mouse click as well as TAB key.
		
	4. Inward Bill :
		This report is used when new items are purchased by the store. Entries can be made in this 	 report only after creating the item 		master for that particular group of items.
		
		a. The amount will be programatically generated and is an uneditable field.
		
	5. Stock Report : 
		This report will show the current status of the inventory.
		
	6. Stock Alert:
		This is a dialog box that will be generated at the time of billing to alert the person whenever an item's quantity drops below 100.
		
Current Implementation:

	Only the Sales Bill and Item Master screens are ready.
	No actions have been defined on any field.
	The billing screen has been written in separate files but I am unable to make the Makefile work right now.
	I have uploaded the make file.
	The other new_item_entry.c is new screen and the code has net yet been put in separate files.
	
Commands to compile the 2 files:

gcc new_item_entry.c -o try $(pkg-config --cflags --libs gtk+-3.0)


